Participants: Interviewer 1, Interviewer 2, Interviewee


[00:00-00:18] Interviewer 1: I'm a student working on a class project. I'd like to record this interview so I don't miss anything. Only our team and professor will hear it. Is that okay with you?

[00:18-00:20] Interviewee: Yeah, it's okay.

[00:20-00:23] Interviewer 1: Okay, what's your name?

[00:23-00:28] Interviewee: My name is Ibrahim Nie. You can also call me Nie for short.

[00:28-00:36] Interviewer 1: Nier, okay. So what do you do for a living?

[00:36-00:43] Interviewee: I'm a assistant in a shop.

[00:48-00:53] Interviewer 1: So how long have you been for shopping assistant?

[00:53-00:58] Interviewee: I've been working in this field for more than three years.

[00:58-01:20] Interviewer 1: Okay. Can you tell me about some places in the city that you regularly visit for reasons other than shopping or eating, for example, or park or square or another public space? What do you usually do there?

[01:20-02:38] Interviewee: Okay, sir. In my city, there is a park I usually go to. One day, when I want to have a walk in this park, I suddenly found there were many homeless cats and homeless dogs. I think their life were very miserable. They didn't have enough food and enough water. So from then on, I go to the park regularly with some feed for homeless cats and homeless dogs. So I can give some dog food and cat food for the homeless living. I only like dogs, but for me, we are all we are all living in the world. So we should have the chance to live, but their life is very miserable. They don't have enough food. So I want to do something to help. Yeah, this is my belief to make the world better.

[02:38-02:58] Interviewer 1: Oh, you are so nice. Thank you, sir. So one, you want to find a place. You don't already know. For example, a quiet place to walk, exercise, relax, or spend some time. How do you normally find it?

[02:58-03:25] Interviewee: Ah, in order to find a place. I haven't already known. Definitely, I will search the internet to get more information about the place. For example, the location and the transportation and so on. I mean, basically, I search the internet.

[03:25-03:35] Interviewer 1: So, please tell me about the internet. You mean Google map or some websites?

[03:35-04:45] Interviewee: To tell you the truth. I don't think Google is available in my country due to some political reasons. So I have to use the local map on my mobile phone. But it's similar to Google map. 

[03:45-04:50] Interviewer 1: Okay. What information is important to you when deciding whether a place is suitable for your needs? 

[03:50-04:55] Interviewee: Ah, thank you, sir. Before I decide whether a place is suitable for my needs, I will consider, basically, I will consider two points. Number one, about the transportation. I mean, whether it costs me a lot of time to get there or just a little time to get there. This is the transportation aspect. Number two, if I stay there, does it cost a lot of money to me or is free of charge? So, basically, those two points. Oh, I want to add one more point. I mean, whether the place is quiet or noisy. If the place is noisy, I don't think I will go there.

[04:55-05:17] Interviewer 1:  So, about lots of time. It's 30 minutes. Lots of time for you.

[05:17-05:34] Interviewee: Oh, no, no, no. 30 minutes is not a lot of time. Because right now, I'm living in a big city. So, I mean, as long as the transportation time is less than one hour, it is okay for me.

[05:34-05:46] Interviewer 1: Oh, okay, one hour. Can you remember the last time you couldn't find enough information about a place? What happened?

[05:47-06:35] Interviewee: The last time I couldn't find enough information about a place. I think it's like half a year. I mean, several months ago, I decided to look for a place to wash my dog and also to cut my dog's hair. So, I searched one app in China. And it gave me some wrong information. So, finally, it wasted me. I mean, a lot of my time was wasted. And I failed to find the proper place. Yeah. This is my experience.

[06:35-07:08] Interviewer 2: Sorry. I hear that it's got some problem. The budget tell me more about which problem you face when you find some place for your dog. Oh, sorry. Sorry. My misunderstanding about the question. Like you told that you got some problem when you find the place for to go with well with your dog. And about some failed thing and take you an hour. So, could you tell me like a little bit about it? With China and Rome?

[07:08-08:15] Interviewee: You mean, you need me to tell you about what happened? What happened when I couldn't find enough information about a place? Yes. Oh, when I couldn't find enough information about a place. Basically, I searched the internet. I searched one famous app in my country. It is similar to chat GPT. But it is worse than chat GPT. Not as good as chat GPT. So, and this app, actually, it doesn't have enough information in store for my question. But it gave me wrong answers, wrong information, which actually doesn't exist. So, according to the information I got from that app, I went to the place. And then I found the place doesn't, the place did not exist at all. So, I was cheated by the, by the app.

[08:15-09:06] Interviewer 1: Okay. Thank you, sir. Do you think there are many information which are not useful on the internet? 


[09:06-09:27] Interviewee: That's true. Not all the information is useful to us. Some information is like, some information is not true. It's like fake news. And some information was uploaded by some internet users. But some information is not really true. Yeah. Okay. What tools or sources you currently used to find information about public spaces or facilities?


[09:27-10:09] Interviewee: Okay. I use the most famous map in my country. And, yeah, basically, the most famous map app in my country. It is called, maybe called, Gaode Map or Baidu Map. It is not as good as the Google map. But in my country, this is almost the only map we can use in our mobile phones. Most of the time, the information I got is satisfying. Only several occasions, only in some occasions, the information is not very acceptable. But most of the time, I feel satisfied.

[10:09-10:21] Interviewer 1: So, could you give me an example about when the information is not acceptable for you? 

[10:21-11:08] Interviewee: Thank you, sir. Sometimes, if you want to find a place, if I want to find a place, I may type the name of the place into the Gaode Map. Yes. And then, with the help of this map, I go to that place, maybe by taxi, directly. But sometimes, when I arrived there, I found, oh my god, this place does not exist anymore. That means the news from the map. The news from the map is not very new. I mean, the information from the map sometimes is very old. Long time ago, the information should be already updated, but the staff did not do anything to the app.

[11:08-11:40] Interviewer 1: Oh, so the information is not updated, so it's very frustrating. Yeah, this is not acceptable. Is there information about urban spaces that is difficult to find using your current tools? Yes, sure. Sometimes, I'm curious about some, sometimes I'm curious about some special shops.

[11:40-12:06] Interviewee: Yes, sure. Sometimes, I'm curious about some, sometimes I'm curious about some special shops. For example, I can buy some special things in the shop, but the shop is not very famous to the public. So, in this case, I may have some difficulties using the current tool, because the shop is not very famous. So, it's not so easy to find proper information.

[12:06-12:23] Interviewer 1: Oh, okay. Have you ever discovered something useful about a place that was in a valuable online? What was it? 

[12:23-14:23] Interviewee: Yes, sir. Just give me one minute. This question is very long. I have to think again. Have I ever discovered something useful? You mentioned the shop to other examples. Oh, got it. So, in my city, there is a very famous secondhand shop. In that shop, I can find some secondhand electronic things. And I'm very interested in secondhand electronic things. But I don't think it's quite available online to buy those things. So, I have to go to the real shop and to pack the secondhand electronic things. Yeah, for example, secondhand cameras, secondhand microphones, secondhand mobile phones, which can help me to save a lot of money. 

[14:23-15:25] Interviewer 1: Okay. So, have you ever shared useful information about a place with other people, how and why? 

[14:25-15:27] Interviewee: Ah, for useful information about a place, I always shared those information with my friends immediately. I find useful and important information about a place. But generally speaking, I share useful information about places with my friends by WeChat. It is a kind of social communication app. Like maybe it seems like Facebook or Twitter or Instagram, something like that. 

[14:27-15:29] Interviewer 1: What's up? What's up? The similar to what's up in Italy. 

[14:29-15:31] Interviewee: Yeah.So, I use that to share information with my friends. 

[14:31-15:35] Interviewer 1:Okay. Have you ever relied on information contributed by other citizens? What made you trust or distrust it? 

[15:35-16:45] Interviewee: I cannot say I rely on information contributed by other citizens all the time. But sometimes I really relied on information made by them. Because sometimes I really have no idea about certain information. And I don't have any other ways to find such information. So, I have to trust the information contributed by others. And despite it, do or not, it's by chance. Because you don't have other choices. Yeah, I have no other choices. 

[15:345-16:55] Interviewer 1: Yeah. So, one, did you distrust some information on the Internet? 

[15:55-16:07] Interviewee: Uh-huh. Some, some Internet users, they give information, maybe not very critically. They give information, I think, according to their own will, their own feeling. So, the information sounds like the information doesn't sound very critical. Doesn't sound very true. So, I don't believe in this case. 

[16:07-16:26] Interviewer 1: Okay. Have you ever noticed a problem in public space, such as damaged infrastructure? What did you do? 

[16:26-16:43] Interviewee: You know, in this city, sometimes I ride a scooter to my workplace. I, I almost ride a scooter every day. And sometimes I may, sometimes I may meet a place. I mean, I mean, sometimes on the road, I may find, for example, this part of the road is not very smooth. So, it's a kind of problem which may cause, which may cause traffic, traffic problems. So, in this case, I may call a number in my country, maybe one, it's like one, two, three, four, five. And the stuff will answer and get, and take notes about some basic information. Then, within several days, the stuff will go there and make some, and make some maintenance there.

[16:43-17:06] Interviewer 1: Okay. So, so you mentioned that you have ever reported an urban problem to a public authority.

[17:06-17:08] Interviewee: Sure. 

[17:08-17:15] Interviewer 1: Okay. And you have received the feedback from the authority. 

[17:15-17:19] Interviewee: So, sure. 

[17:19-17:50] Interviewer 1: And you have received that number. Do you have other means to report a problem?

[17:50-19:22] Interviewee: Sure. Besides calling the, sorry, the public authority directly, I also have some other ways. For example, to send emails to the public authority or to write down some information. So, the website page of the public authority, then the stuff will, will give me feedback as soon as possible. Okay. Work, what makes you waiting to share useful local information with other people. I think this is because of my religion belief, I have a religion belief. And according to my religion, it is meaningful to help others. For example, if I share some useful information with other people, this is also a kind of help to the other people. So, this can make my life very brilliant, very colorful. So, I wish God to be happy. And I want to be a good person to behave very well, to share useful information with others. Wow, it sounds good.

[19:22-19:31] Interviewer 1: Thank you. So, What discourages you from contributing information?. Okay.

[19:31-20:40] Interviewee: Sometimes I, I mean, like several years ago, I'm really, I was really glad to contribute information on Internet. But one day, I was discouraged by other citizens online. I contributed some information, which is very true according to my personal experience. But other people wrote down some bad comments to me. For example, oh, you are not contributing information to the public. You are just showing off your personal experience. So, I was very upset. I was very disappointed. From then on, I don't contribute information very, very fluently. But I really contribute information sometimes. So, you care about other people's comments about you. Yeah, I'm a little sad about this. My heart is not very strong. Sometimes I will be influenced by other people's comments. Okay.

[20:40-22:49] Interviewee: 1. Are there particular kinds of information about your city that you wish were easier to obtain?

[20:49-20:50] Interviewee: The particular kinds of information about my city that we were easier to obtain. Right now, there is one information I'm very curious about, which is as a person from other regions in China. What exactly can I, I can do to make it easier for me to get a, to get something like citizenship in this city. Because this city is almost the most developed city in my country. I like this city very much. And I want to get the citizenship of this city, which can make me, which can benefit me a lot. So, it's difficult to get the citizenship of that city. It's not very easy. I think maybe I have several choices. Number one, to buy a house in this city, which will cost me a lot of money. So, this is impossible because I'm poor. Number two, to, to open a company in this city. But the company can be very small. In this case, it's not very difficult for me. And I can open a small company here. And to buy the social insurance for myself, then I can apply to be a citizen in this city. Then maybe within one month, maximum within one month, I can become a citizen here.

[22:50-23:02] Interviewer 1: Thank you for your time and for sharing your experiences. I'll stop recording now. And we will only use this for the class project. Thank you.

[23:03-23:09] Interviewee: Thank you, Mr. Peng Yu. Thank you, Mr. Tan Tong. Thank you so much.
